# Terms and Conditions

Last updated: May 18, 2022

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before using the Diablo Clone Tracker bot (the "Service") operated by
Frederico Jordan ("the developer", "us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and
Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of
these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.

We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third
party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Developer shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or
reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services
that you visit.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever,
including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.

Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.

## Disclaimer

The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind.
To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Developer expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express,
implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing,
course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Developer provides no warranty
or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any
intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without
interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will
be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, the Developer does not makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or
implied:
(i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included
thereon;
(ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free;
(iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service;
or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Developer are free of
viruses, or other harmful components.

## Exclusions

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory
rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case
the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under
applicable law.

## Governing Law

The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your
use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.

## Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Developer from and against any and all claims, damages,
obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to lawyer's fees), resulting
from or arising out of your use and access of the Service, or a breach of these Terms.

## Disputes Resolution

If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by
contacting the Developer.

## Severability

If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted
to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining
provisions will continue in full force and effect.

## Changes to These Terms and Conditions

We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. What constitutes a material
change will be determined at Our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised
terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, you are no longer allowed to use the Service.
